[THUNDER RUMBLING EFFECT]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today, on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Ricardo Gonzalez,
author and researcher for Peru,
who has experienced multiple
direct contacts with an
extraterrestrial species called
the Apunians.
Today, we are talking
about consequences
of false prophecies.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> In pop culture, in
December 21st, 2012,
it was prophesied it would
be the end of the world,
but that never culminated.
But still, people are talking
about that-- this prediction--
over and over and over again.
So what are the consequences
when a prediction doesn't
come into fruition?
>> I believe that the
consequences can be very
serious because when
information is misinterpreted,
credibility is lost.
And this can lead to
confusion for many people.
In the message we have obtained
through extraterrestrial
contact, we were always told
that the earth would be living
a great process
of transformation,
and this process would affect
both humanity and the planet.
That would lead us to a
higher frequency, so to speak.
This message, of
course, is real,
but it was misunderstood
by wrongly linking it
to Mayan prophecies.
It is true that there
is a common thread
between the messages of
the past and the current
extraterrestrial experiences,
but we must discern everything
we're analyzing from that past.
The Mayans were
quoted as having said
things which they never said.
This stems from
interpretations from channeling
a lot of information
unrelated to Mayan history.
This led to many groups who are
enthusiastic about prophecies
to come to think that the Maya
prophesied an end of the world.
And the Maya and the cultures
that preceded them in Mexico
never said that.
They had a complex
system of calendars.
Time was an obsession for them.
One of the cycles that
they studied the most
is called the Long Count,
lasting 5,125 years.
And at the end of
that great cycle
that the Mayans calculated was
when the Great Transformation
was coming.
But what people interpreted
from that cycle was not what
the Mayans said.
The end of that cycle coincided
with December 21st, 2012.
And then supposedly, we would
all move to a higher dimension,
but the prophets of doom
saw in all this, rather,
the end of the world
by December 21st, 2012.
But I reiterate that
Mayans did not say that.
Their calendars restart
like eternal cycles.
They speak of the end
of a historical cycle
and the beginning of another.
And it is very important
to understand all this
in the context of
extraterrestrial contact.
It is very important to
separate authentic information
from our fantasies.
There are certainly messages
of extraterrestrial origin
that have spoken of a great
transformation of the world,
but it is wrong to try to
connect all that information.
With misinterpretations
of past history,
as happened obviously with Mayan
culture, December 21st, 2012,
we didn't even get to
the fourth dimension,
and the world wasn't
destroyed either.
And this generated
a very deep crisis
in many extraterrestrial
contact groups, who said,
this can't be possible,
the Mayans were wrong,
or the aliens who contacted us
and announced all this to us
have lied to us.
And this has
happened at the head
of extraterrestrial
contact groups.
And no one talks about this.
It is important to
analyze mistakes.
So I reiterate, first
of all, the Maya never
mentioned an end of the
world or that we would
move to a fourth dimension.
And second, these beings from
other worlds, these entities
that have contacted
us, they only
told us about a gradual
transformation of the world,
related to our
decisions, actions.
And while it is
true that we have
been asked to investigate
our historical past,
we shouldn't take
it out of context.
We must investigate
this past rigorously.
Finally, I want to
tell you, Emery,
that I value the Mayan
culture very much.
I admit that at first,
I was fascinated
by all the information
that circulated
about the Maya about these
claims of dimensional changes
and of energy, and of things
that were going to happen,
but I decided to go
directly to the sources.
I traveled to Mexico,
to Central America.
I tried to soak
up, immerse myself
in the Mayan culture and
other cultures of Mexico
to inform myself quite
objectively about all this.
And I realized that a lot
of literature about the Maya
and about their
cosmic connections
had distorted the legacy of
this fascinating culture that
had not even been the original
author of the calendars,
but other cultures
such as the Olmecs
had already worked on it.
So my suggestion to people
who are watching the show
is that they question
everything, investigate sources
in depth because this is the
best way to get to the truth
and thus also understand
the current messages
of the extraterrestrial
contact witnesses.
>> Amazing, Ricardo.
Yeah.
I always tell people, go out
and find out for yourself,
like you did.
So it's a wonderful story
you've just told us.
What are the danger of
these fanatical groups that
try to predict these world
events based upon the phenomena
that they hear?
>> There are many
dangers, my friend.
On one hand, as I said,
the disinformation,
that can confuse true seekers
and take away credibility
from this profound
issue, as is the message
of entities of other worlds,
extraterrestrial contact,
and obviously, the legacy
of ancient civilizations.
But there is more to
that danger of confusion.
This can even lead to
putting your own life at risk
because there are many groups
that take this to the extreme,
violently, who in the
face of external events
such as an eclipse, or
the appearance of a comet,
or the fulfillment of
the Mayan calendar,
they make crazy decisions
about their own lives,
or they hold meetings with
extremely strange practices
transforming this into an
almost religious situation.
For example, in the
place where I live,
which is a very special and
famous area in the world,
and I mean Uritorco
Hill in Argentina--
which is the scene of
constant UFO sightings--
the authorities of
the town of Uritorco
had to close down the Mountain
on December 21st, 2012
because many spiritual groups,
as well as many different types
of groups, were going to gather
there waiting for the Great
Transformation.
Many of these groups
had good intentions,
but there were also some
small infiltrated groups
who acted like factions
with violent intentions
so the mountain
had to be closed.
And these things happen in
extraterrestrial contact.
Almost no one talks
about this, and that's
why we're chatting about
it in this interview.
Because while it is
true the contact is real
and the messages are
positive and extraordinary,
we humans can confuse things.
And it is good to
warn the public who
is watching this
program to be sensible
and balanced with
this information.
>> So how can someone
distinguish between fanaticism
and passionate truth seekers?
>> According to my experience
and what I've seen in the world
over so many years, the best
way to distinguish among these
extremes is when people maintain
their balance, their reasoning,
without falling into very rigid
postures where their beliefs
cannot be questioned, where they
lose their critical thinking,
where they stop
thinking, discerning.
This is when these experiences
of extraterrestrial contact
or any information
that comes from it
is taken almost in
a religious way,
and this leads to fanaticism.
The best way to
discern all of this
is through thinking
it over and also
what resonates in your
heart, but combining both
what you feel and
what you perceive.
The power of intuition-- if
we want to call it that--
without setting aside the
mind and common sense,
trying to be rigorous
with everything,
you will agree with me,
Emery, that these issues
that we live and investigate
are very delicate, sensitive.
All this information must be
taken very calmly, observed
very carefully, and not
become a fanatic about them.
If we set aside the ability
to think, to analyze,
we can fall into
the wrong attitude.
These issues are not religion.
They are information that
opens the consciousness.
And to open the mind, you have
to ask yourself questions.
If you stop asking questions
of yourself, you will be lost.
>> What are the significant
influences in the United States
that you could talk
to our audience about?
>> Dorothy Martin was a very
interesting character in US
contactism.
On one hand, for the grave
mistake that she made.
On the other hand, for
information for which
she was a pioneer in this
country and around the world.
Let's start with the mistake.
She announced with her Chicago
extraterrestrial contact group
that a great flood was going
to occur in the United States
and affect countries like
Canada and even Mexico.
This was allegedly an
extraterrestrial message
predicting a catastrophe.
And all this came out in
the newspapers, Emery.
The flood was to happen
December 21st, 1954.
So since all this
came out in the media,
a group of psychologists
infiltrated Dorothy Marten's
group to study the
group's beliefs
from within, their
contact methodology,
how they became convinced
that this disaster was
going to happen.
It is one of the
most interesting
psychological studies--
how an extraterrestrial
contact group works.
Their beliefs seen from within
by these psychologists who
were led by Dr. Leon Festinger.
Obviously, the
flood did not occur,
and this generated a
crisis in the group
because the prophecy
was not fulfilled.
And the group wondered, with
its leader, Dorothy Martin,
at the head, what went wrong?
Did the extraterrestrials
lie to us
or did we misinterpret
the message?
Psychologists called this
phenomenon disconfirmation.
And when this happens
within contact groups,
great confusion occurs.
From this experience came the
book "When Prophecy Fails."
And this greatly
affected witnesses
of extraterrestrial
contact in the 1950s.
We're talking about the time of
George Adamski, of Daniel Fry,
or Howard Menger.
However, Dorothy
Martin moved forward
and she befriended
another contact witness,
researcher George Hunt
Williamson, a personal friend
of George Adamski.
She continued receiving
messages and traveled to Peru
to research many
places of contact.
And in that sense,
Dorothy Martin
was a pioneer because many of
the places that she researched
in Peru, decades later, would
be transformed into famous sites
of extraterrestrial contact.
Then she returned to
the United States.
All this in the 1950s.
And she started meeting with her
contact groups on Mount Shasta
and in Sedona, anticipating
that there would be much contact
movement in these areas.
>> What did she say why
she failed on the prophecy?
>> I think there was a big
mistake with Dorothy Martin,
where possible real
extraterrestrial messages from
her own personal experiences
were mixed with her religious
beliefs.
Her misinterpretations
of their messages--
from what the group
of psychologists who
studied this group discovered--
is that the group
became very passionate
about the information and
mixed all their beliefs
with the messages that
they thought they received.
In other words,
Dorothy Martin's group
lost sight of common sense,
the ability to analyze.
And from this, came
that disconfirmation.
And this phenomenon with
Dorothy Martin's group
didn't just happen with the
contact groups of the 1950s,
but it continues
to happen today.
When there are disconfirmations,
messages from extraterrestrials
that are not fulfilled, groups
try not to recognize them,
not to accept them, and
they become fanatical
about all this.
And they tried to move
on despite that mistake.
The best advice in
these circumstances
is to stop and
analyze what happened,
so as to not make the
same mistake again.
A mistake that not only affects
you and your contact link
with beings from other
worlds but can affect
other people who listen to you.
And this is still happening
in many contact groups today.
That is the importance
of discerning.
>> Are there any examples right
now that are hurting or helping
disclosure that's out there?
>> I wouldn't dare give specific
names because this is a very
delicate subject.
And I consider that all the
information that I just shared
will be enough for the
people who are watching us
to be organized and discerning.
However, I could
mention the following.
There are intelligence teams--
even if it sounds like
a conspiracy theory--
sometimes they have intervened
in extraterrestrial contact
groups.
They have infiltrated
them and they've
tried to lead them
down the wrong path
because, in their view, somehow,
extraterrestrial contact
groups are an uncomfortable
social movement that bothers
certain power
groups in the world
because there are many
witnesses on the planet that
are talking about contact
with other realities.
So if they're able to lead these
groups down the wrong paths,
they take away
their credibility.
So secret intelligence
agencies somehow
are able to infiltrate these
extraterrestrial contact
groups to influence them and
lead them down the wrong path.
As I said, it is a tool used
to confuse and to affect
the credibility of this social
movement of contact witnesses
across the globe.
Now, it must be said that
much of this confusion--
as in the case of
Dorothy Martin--
occurs by their very
nature because humans can
be confused by this fanaticism.
And if we add to that,
a program of confusion,
it is the perfect weapon.
>> So how about the positive
things that came out of Dorothy
Martin's experiences?
>> Obviously,
despite her mistakes,
many positive things may be
taken from the case of Dorothy
Martin.
One of them, as I said, is
that she kept investigating.
She traveled to
different places that we
could call hotspots,
places of contact,
which gave them visibility.
And today, there are sites
of ufological investigations
or extraterrestrial contact.
For example, today,
many groups who attempt
extraterrestrial contact
in the United States,
such as the CFI
protocol, for example.
In Latin America, it is
known already by another name
because it is very old
and has always happened.
These groups trying to make
contacts in the United States
are going to places that Dorothy
Martin had already investigated
in exactly the same places
where Dorothy Martin was
70 years ago.
>> And these people are
having their own experiences.
>> Obviously, each person
lives their own experiences.
There is a legacy of
the contact witnesses
from the 1950s like George
Adamski or Dorothy Martin.
Some made contact in a more
classical nature in ufology.
Face-to-face contact with
human-looking entities
like the contact
Adamski himself claimed.
And there are contact witnesses
of a more spiritual or mystical
nature like Dorothy Martin.
For that reason, those who
follow a more mystical line,
what we could call new age,
ignore the classic cases
of ufology.
And those who follow the
classic cases of ufology
ignore the experience
of Dorothy Martin
and many others like her.
But for me, everything
is connected.
And in both types, there
were mistakes and successes.
Those of us who live
these experiences
of extraterrestrial
contact today
have to make rational
use of these experiences
that the history of
extraterrestrial contact
has taught us, as well as
our own personal contact
story, to avoid making
the same mistakes,
to be as balanced and
sensible as possible
with this information.
Emery, I look at
extraterrestrial contact
like a tree.
You have to see it
for what it is--
as a tree-- not decorate
it and put things on it
like a Christmas tree because
if we put so many things
and lights on it, suddenly,
we stop seeing the tree.
And here, our focus
is on the tree.
>> Can you give us an example of
a prophecy that was manipulated
for a specific agenda?
>> I could cite different cases.
I could mention, once again,
the prophecy for the year 2012,
which was not a prophecy,
in and of itself,
as we would interpret it.
To take out of context the true
message of ancient cultures,
we saw many films, documentaries
about the destruction
that the Maya would
have falsely prophesied.
And fear invaded the
cinema, invaded magazines,
and invaded everything.
But I will give you a
more concrete example
of an extraterrestrial
contact group.
In 1975, in California,
an alleged contact witness
emerged.
I'm referring to the
case of Mr. Applewhite.
Over the years, he was
having supposed experiences
with extraterrestrials
until he formed a contact
group in California,
which he called The Crew.
And he was convinced that
something extraordinary
was going to happen in 1997.
A prophecy of a
great transformation
that coincided with the passage
of a comet near the Earth,
Hale-Bopp comet.
And Applewhite, with
his passengers--
as he called the members
of his contact group--
believed the comet was an
extraterrestrial craft,
so they decided to
take their own lives
so that their souls could
travel to the comet, allegedly,
the extraterrestrial spacecraft.
The press called this incident
the Heaven's Gate case.
Yes, there are
many related cases.
According to my
research, we're looking
at a case of imbalanced
people who misinterpreted
an alleged extraterrestrial
contact, and at the same time,
they were infiltrated as
part of an experiment.
What were the
consequences of all this?
How far can a group's
beliefs be manipulated
to get them to take their lives?
And on the other hand, how
may sordid news like this
affect the credibility of
contact with extraterrestrials?
All these people who
talk about contact
with beings from other
worlds, they're crazy.
They are part of UFO cults.
It's part of the
plan to lump all
the witnesses in the same
box, in the same category.
This occurs in all
aspects of human life,
just like in politics.
And believe me that
extraterrestrial contact
is an issue that worries
politicians a lot,
even if they don't
say it openly.
>> How are ETs affecting
these prophecies?
>> In reality, these beings seek
to warn us of possibilities,
at least in my own
contact experience.
They are not blunt,
immovable, and saying,
this is going to happen
in the history of mankind.
They often tell us,
this could happen.
If you don't change or
make better decisions,
this could happen.
According to our analysis,
we calculated that it
could occur in this time frame.
These are the most personal
circumstances of contact.
They've been a
little more specific.
For example, when I've invited
journalists or researchers
to UFO sightings--
a topic we've already
discussed in other interviews
with you, Emery--
there, these beings gave
us the exact place and time
when a phenomenon
was going to occur.
We could interpret
this as a prophecy
because they said
we're going to be
on Mount Shasta on this
date, at this time.
And they were, and
they never failed.
And in the presence of
several researchers.
But we are already talking about
a global event for the Earth,
for humanity.
There are other circumstances
at play, naturally,
and anything is possible.
They try to intervene in
some way in our affairs,
but not directly,
only peripherally.
As we've also discussed
in other interviews,
they prefer to hand
over information
and stimulate our
search so that we
are the protagonists of the
things that we should do,
in order to be able to
change the prophecies.
What does the word
prophecy mean?
It means to speak instead of.
And for some, that
instead of is of God
speaking instead of
the universe, speaking
instead of something higher.
Or could it be that
what humans call
prophecies are just perceptions
of timelines in the future?
How does this work?
Let's imagine a
mountain, and there
is a path that surrounds it.
On one side, a sports car
is coming at a high speed.
And from the other side of the
mountain, a truck is coming.
Both drivers do
not know that they
are going to have an accident
on the mountain curve.
When they are both on the
curve, it will be too late
and they will hit each other.
If we watch from a privileged
view, from above, in the air,
with an eagle eye, we
could calculate or predict
that this accident
is going to happen.
but we can see
that from the air.
The drivers cannot see it.
And that's how prophecies work.
These are possibilities, views
from another perspective.
If the drivers slow down
and are more careful,
they could avoid the
accident, and that prophecy
would no longer be fulfilled.
At least, this is the concept
from the extraterrestrials
who are in contact with me.
They say we must work for what
we call positive prophecies,
and that we must work so
that those predictions that
would be negative for our
species are not fulfilled.
So it's not the
prophecies that fail.
What fails is our
perception when
we misunderstand
these things and we
stop doing our real work.
>> Ricardo, that
was amazing stuff.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
>> Next on Cosmic Disclosure.
>> How have contact protocols
changed over the centuries?
>> These protocols follow
a very particular pattern.
It is based on awareness,
intuition, and the ability
to elevate our frequency.
In reality, these
protocols are not
designed to be common
knowledge for humanity.
So it is important to understand
that this is not a game, not
entertainment.
[THEME MUSIC]